Make licenses searchable and facetable (#10204)
IQSS/dataverse: doc/release-notes/9060-7482-make-licenses-searchable-faceatable.md

### Search by License

> License facet has been added and will be displayed as long as there is more one license in datasets and datafiles the result page. This facet allow you to filter by license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A browse/search facet called "License" has been added and will be displayed as long as there is more than one license in datasets and datafiles in browse/search results. This facet allow you to filter by license such as CC0, etc.
```

> Also, Search API does handle license filtering using `fq` parameter, for example : `/api/search?q=*&fq=license%3A%22CC0+1.0%22` for CC0 1.0. See PR #10204

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the Search API now handles license filtering using the `fq` parameter, for example : `/api/search?q=*&fq=license%3A%22CC0+1.0%22` for CC0 1.0. See PR #10204

You must reindex your installation for existing datasets to show their license in the facet or for the license to be searchable.
```
